README.md, before:

# rp2040-motor-controller
A dual channel brushless motor controller based on the RP2040 microcontroller

The boards cost between $15 and $40 each depending on version and quantity.
```
NOTE: This design is still changing. There is currently one board version in
this repo. This is our dual CPU version with CAN bus and extra connectors for
our robot. This version also improves the current measurement circuit compared
to the first rev.

Once we have verified the improved current measurement circuit, we will also
support a single CPU version which is smaller and slightly cheaper. This will
look similar to our first prototype version shown in the top of the photo at the
bottom of this document. To view the files for that board see this commit:
https://github.com/Twisted-Fields/rp2040-motor-controller/commit/ceeeb0ee0d24856a9ad8b6b036be5baf15e3ead6
```

> **Warning**
> These files are still under development and undergoing testing. While we do
> aspire to produce a design that others can easily fabricate, we do not yet
> recommend making them for yourself! Please post questions on board status
> to our community forum at [community.twistedfields.com](https://community.twistedfields.com).

Our dream is that you will fab your own boards, make changes, and share your work - giving this design life beyond our efforts.

Designed by Taylor Alexander for Twisted Fields, for the Acorn Precision Farming Rover.

Many thanks to [Daniel Theobald](https://www.twistedfields.com/blog). Without your financial support and encouragement this project would not have been possible.

Thanks to all of our supporters on Open Collective. Your contributions are helping grow this project in to a sustainable open source organization.

You can support this project yourself at our [Open Collective Page](https://opencollective.com/twisted-fields-research-collective).

To learn more about Acorn, please see our [announcement blog post](https://community.twistedfields.com/t/introducing-acorn-a-precision-farming-rover-from-twisted-fields/).
Or see a more recent [technical update here](https://community.twistedfields.com/t/march-2022-update-simulation-brakes-funding-and-navigation-improvements/202).

![A photo of both PCB designs](docs/dual.jpg)

Commit message:

Update my own Readme file.

README.md, after:

# rp2040-motor-controller

## Note: This is a from the upstream Twisted-Fields/rp2040-motor-controller repo.

### Intro / First Level Why ? 

Well, I find this very interesting / funny. 

The previous EMFcamps I have attended, I have always tried to "Make something that moved humans". 

One of them was a giant DC Wheelchair powered Creeper, 

One of them was Wheelchair Gokart. 

The most recent was a Brushless Hoverboard Kart / Trike. 

In all of these cases, the motor controllers have let me down. 


So this is my current working directory for making my own "Flavour" of Brushless Motor Controller.

### Second Level Why ? 

Well, Brushless motor controllers are Expensive. Theres things like the VESC, ODrive and the cheap red 300W Aliexpress controllers. 

The Ali Express controlers I have had go bang. 

The ODrive controllers are *Way* too expensive, and now, sadly, closed source. (Little bit salty about that)

Honestly, the smart move would probably be : Just buy Aliexpress cloned odrive boards. 
But then I dont learn anything. 

Anyway, All the changes here are under the same CERN Permissive as upstream. 

*Our dream is that you will fab your own boards, make changes, and share your work - giving this design life beyond our efforts.* - So I hope this plays nice with that. 

More info to come when I start hacking about a bit more.
